[Music]
Good afternoon my dear Lovers
of the heart How are you? Delighted to
be back here with you Well, we
were with Marina Hernandez last night for
our live show if there's anyone who hasn't
seen it you know you can look for it
in the live shows tab and the
news continues non-stop, continues
unstoppable. I really, to be honest, was
hoping that we were going to have Alessandro
Lequio a little later, I mean,
honestly, I thought he was going to come back
a little later. The truth is, I didn't
expect him to be on the Ana Rosa show so quickly
but that's how it happened. We
had him this morning with Ana Rosa, Ana
Rosa who didn't hesitate to ask him what he
thinks about everything that's going on, which
is no small thing. I mean, what's
happening is no small thing at all. Let's
listen to it next, but not before
asking you all to please
subscribe to the Channel, you know it's
completely free, but I didn't
just want to ask you to subscribe
but also to thank you
because we've reached 90,000
subscribers on the channel  90,000
subscribers on Teresa alseo is a
very important figure, really, when I
opened this channel I thought it was going to
be like a complement to the rest of my
channels and it's a bomb we're talking
about 90,000 people in one year 90,000 people
90,000 people have
clicked to subscribe because they're interested in what we
talk about and what we upload here So thank you thank you
to all these 90,000
people who make up the community Thank you
to all of you who are interested in this
content that we upload here I send you a
huge hug and I hope not disappointed
important I am also very interested in
your opinion Because that's why we are a
community so everything we are
commenting on in this video about this topic
I want you to also
tell me what you think And well I'll be
stopping by the comments box
giving a little heart and sending
some hugs people let's put the
video
I think name pay attention to the
details I want you to pay attention to the
details first of all I think
name when you're telling me here I
think  what name when you're telling me
here I think that name you don't have a
great
conversation you don't have a great
complicity with Ana Obregón because you
would know the name for months I would
know if she has given him your last name I have
my doubt that in the registry when you
register an adopted child to a baby
although it is biological I do not have my
doubt that you can give him the
last name you want or I mean I know that
the name evidently yes like she
wants to name him Rodríguez it's worth a
name as long as it's not offensive
illegal You can put whatever you want
remember that before you couldn't
name her for example Lola you had to
name her Dolores and Lola was a diminutive
now nowadays you can put whatever
you want no but when it's here
Alessandro I think that name is most
likely because they don't go hand in hand
with the consent to give him the
last name okay And register it himself
Maybe as he could put himself as an
adoptive father if he agreed with
all this he could
perfectly put himself as an adoptive father
like Ana Obregón as an adoptive mother
he as an adoptive father and in the end they
are actually the grandparents  biological But
this is already here Clara la and
the position that
the media and the gossip magazines would have been maintaining
last week is confirmed, a clear
distancing and probably
conflict between Ana Obregón and the
condequio Although they have carried things
so well and had such a cordial and
affectionate relationship during all these years, right
now they would not be bringing their positions closer together
in any case, as you can imagine Ana and
colleagues, this situation,
like everything related to Álex, is not
tremendously sad, it
is tremendously sad. I am sure
that El Conde lectio would also be
completely against
the granddaughter's face being exposed,
the granddaughter's photo, not
completely in this way on these
covers, not when it is assumed that they have always
fought to protect their son from the
media. When he was little, it
is very sad
and even complicated, very complicated.
Today I feel very pressured because there is
great expectation
for what I can say, but I am sorry to
say, get your hopes up, but because I am not going
to comment on absolutely anything, it seems logical to me.
Yes, the truth is that there was a lot of
expectation. Let's see what the
Count's pronunciation was in his first
appearance.  that he did and he's not going to say
anything, that is, more than what we're going to
hear here, he's not going to say anything else in
life, everyone grieves as best they
can And as they want
when my son died on May 13,
2020, from the first moment you have
all witnessed that my
only option has been silence, I have never
commented on anything, it has been like this, we can
verify it, okay, 100% So, I have never
shown what I felt, I have never said
a single word And that is what I am going to
continue doing
because I know that is what he would
like, okay, notice this detail,
okay, because I know that is what he would like
here they are in complete
disagreement because we are talking about
Ana Obregón telling us that
her son's will was for this
girl to come into the world, okay,
Ana is selling it to you like a
fairy tale, like a Disney movie,
like a fable, like something wonderful,
like something spectacular, no. In addition, she is
controlling the times for her movie,
okay, during all the interviews that you have been
giving, even. Well, yesterday
we were watching one in the country, I don't
remember if it was the country or the world,
please  don't kill me okay, two weeks
before going to pick up the girl she was still
grieving, she was very sad, there
was nothing to lift her
head when she already knew that the girl was
on the way okay So she's
making up her story and her fantasy and
apparently here what Alejandro
would be telling us is that the child was not what he
asked for, I mean here we will be talking
about a great contradiction that could be
that Ana was only looking out for
herself and not for the will of the child
out of the utmost respect that I have for her
and I'm not going to comment on anything that
affects her in any way, you
know me, you know that I am like this
and you know that I'm not going to change
because what the condequio said would
affect her child in some way
because it goes against the mother because
the mother is not telling us the truth
okay here what this smells like what this looks like I do
n't know if you will
agree is that the mother had the
child in some way that
she wanted okay however she wanted
and because she wanted and out of
selfishness  for her and
a romantic story has been created here, a
beautiful story, a story in her fantasy and in
her little birds, okay, it doesn't match with
reality, okay, maybe the
son told her that he would have liked to
be a father, no, or that he would have liked it,
that he would like it, no, even if he wasn't there, how about
it, but surely the
son asked for it in another way and the mother
isn't doing it exactly as she is, I'm also
telling you, eh, in order to do it, she surely has to
have some
signed document, no, some permission
from Alex, not from her son, but here
things are, I think that they are not as Ana
is telling us, eh. So that's the
only thing I'm going to say, totally
defensible.
Here's this question from Paloma, with all due
respect, but I don't see that it has anything to do with it
because this, this has already been put
on the table, not the way
people and the media have handled it with
some people and with others, but each time it
is not comparable. It's that the context
that exists, the story that exists around
the other surrogate stations, is not the
same. It's not the same, Paloma, with all the
love, but it's not the same at all,
that there is a baby that, for me,  I
think it's the best thing in the world but there are
so many so
many guests who shouldn't have
gotten involved in this story so many people who have so many
opinions the politicians and you say in the
end but let's see what has
happened I think that here everything has gone out
of hand really the
politicians give their opinions when they see opportunism
and when it's a very viral topic okay
people say Why hasn't
Irene Montero said anything about Kiko Hernández
Well because it didn't have the same
impact it wasn't as talked about and that's it she won't even
find out that Kiko Hernández
had daughters like this okay
in politicians they talk when a topic
is super viral the Anabregón topic has
been super viral because of the story that it
entails we all lived all of Spain not the
death of the son my mother Poor thing What a
shame no you will almost agree with me
that when Ana Obregón's son
died we all felt it as some
part of our life not as if we
knew him we didn't suffer you have to see
this mother And now suddenly at
two years old Well at three at three
years old she comes out with that there is a baby that is
from  son, I mean, it's an outrage, it's a
story, let's say,
written by Spielberg.
Alessandro Lequio, later in the
program, I would say it makes me angry and
sad that my son is once again the
protagonist of the news. I think he
has made it very clear. I think he has
n't found it funny at all and I think that
according to his perspective, things wouldn't be the same as
things are. Alessandro Alex The
good little one The little one in quotes, I don't choose, I would
n't have asked for them, nor would I have
requested them the way
the mother is handling it. What do you think,
family? Or am I reading the
comment box? I send you a huge hug and
until the next video.
[Music]